Add non-fill proofs to whitepaper (#555)
beamer-bridge/beamer: docs/source/whitepaper.rst

Self challenges
+++++++++++++++

In the previous explanation, we only talked about two participants to the challenges, Bob and Charles. What if, after

> submitting his false claim, Charles challenges himself. This would let Charles control the state of his challenge and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
submitting his false claim, Charles challenges himself? This would let Charles control the state of his challenge and
```

he would be able to let it expire with his claim successful as an outcome.

> To prevent this successful `self-challenged claim` to allow Charles to withdraw Alice's deposit, Bob can fill Alice's request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent this successful `self-challenged claim` allowing Charles to withdraw Alice's deposit, Bob can fill Alice's request
```

Author: What you want to prevent is the allowance of Charles to withdraw, not the claim. So `to allow` is correct.

Reviewer: I did not know that it changes meaning if you change from to+infinitive to a gerund. But I'm certainly not a grammar expert.
The sentence still sounds weird to me

is sufficient to cover Bob's fee for L1 resolution, Bob will proceed with L1 resolution. If not, Bob can continue opening
parallel claims until Charles no longer contests one of them, or there is enough accumulated stake from Charles on the
multiple challenges for Bob to do an L1 resolution. In any case, Bob will be able to prove his rightful claim before
Charles' claim reach the end of its period. The time constraint described in the previous example also holds in this case.

Claims that cannot be filled
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

In both the regular `false claim` and `self-challenge claim` cases, we assumed that Bob could fill Alice's request in

> order to prove that the false claimer Charles was not the correct filler. However, If Alice's request cannot be filled
> for any reason (e.g. transfer value too high), instead of proving that someone other than Charles filled a request,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
order to prove that the false claimer Charles was not the correct filler. However, Alice's request might not be able to be filled for any reason (e.g. transfer value too high). Instead of proving that someone other than Charles filled a request,
```

Bob will need to prove that Charles did not fill the request as claimed. For that, Bob needs to create and submit an
`L1 non-fill proof` from rollup B to rollup A.

> When called, the fill manager contract on rollup B recomputes the fill hash from the request hash, and fill ID,

Reviewer: I would explicitly state, that roll up B will recompute the fillhash from reh request hash and fill ID which was attached to the claim. Basically that the information come from the claim.

and checks that no fills exists for the corresponding request hash and fill hash. It then submits a proof
to the outbox of rollup B indicating that the fill hash is invalid, i.e. that the request hash cannot be mapped to the
fill hash.

Similarly to the filled L1 resolution case, Bob can then trigger a call on L1 to forward this message to rollup A. This

> message will store in the `resolution registry` that the `fill hash` is invalid and make any claim from Charles with
> the corresponding hash an invalid claim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
message will store a flag in the `resolution registry` stating that the `fill hash` is invalid. This invalidates any claim with the corresponding ``fill hash``.
```

To make sure the proof arrives in time on rollup A, Bob will need to call the `fill manager` as soon as he notices a
false claim for a non-filled request. It takes `finalization time of rollup B` after Bob's call to be able to send the

> proof, while the challenge period is defined to be `finalization time of rollup B + challenge period extension`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
proof to the resolution registry, while the challenge period is defined to be `finalization time of rollup B + challenge period extension`.
```

In the case where someone challenges Charles on the false claim at the same time as Bob sends the transaction for the

> proof on rollup B, Bob will not be able to challenge Charles and will not receive any financial reward from having sent

Reviewer: Maybe it makes sense to rewrite this in the future because I think we should explain the new challenge mechanism when claims are explained. If the reader is aware of how challenge games work at this point, we can rewrite it a bit that he might not be financially rewarded if he is not part of the challenge at any point of the challenge.

this transaction. The situation being unlikely to happen and the costs of rollup transactions being low, we believe this
not to be too big of a problem.

The costly L1 transaction can however be sent only when Bob is properly incentivized, that is he is at stake in the

> challenge against Charles.

Reviewer: What about rewriting it that the L1 transaction might not be properly incentivized, but the L1 transaction can always be executed if time has come.
It sounds a bit like it was not possible to do so which might be confusing to the reader.

Non-fill proofs and self challenges
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

We explained in a previous part a strategy for honest fillers to counter wrongful self-challenged claims. To be properly
incentivized for the submission of the non-fill proof on L1, we need to allow Bob to join a self-challenged claim

> initiated by Charles as an additional challenger.

Reviewer: Also if the challenge mechanism is described already above when the challenge game is explained, we can here just state that the mechanism of being able to join as a third party prevents the described problem here

There is no need for Bob to enter the challenge if the claimer is in a losing position, we only allow new challengers if
the claimer is ahead in the challenge. This is done by a bookkeeping mechanism of bidders and bids. We store in a mapping
who bid which amount in total and who was the last bidder.

The rationale behind the book keeping is that anybody who entered into a challenge and put in some stake should be
rewarded when his position wins, depending on the amount they had to put in. When the challenge ends, if the claimer is
ahead, he will earn the stakes of every challenger. If a challenger is ahead, each non-last challenger earns a value
equal to their total stake. The stake of the last challenger being only partially covered by the claimer, he will only

> earn `stake claimer - stake other challengers`, i.e. the remaining tokens.

Reviewer 2: I assume your intention here was to make this monospace, not italic, right?
If so, could you please use \`\`, instead of \`, not just here, but everywhere else?

Author: Makes sense

In the case where the dishonest party was leading and the L1 resolution proved him to be incorrect, there will be an
excess of stake that can be redistributed to the last bidder, or, if known, to the one responsible for the L1 transaction.

This allows honest watchers to enter into any challenge at any point in time, provoking the dishonest counterpart to
either bid more (and thus lose more) or to end the challenge game. The potential minimum gain for each bid is
`stake winning party - stake losing party`, if not overbid.

For example, if Charles makes a claim with a stake of 5, and David challenges with a stake of 6, the bookkeeping will
look like so:

=========  =======
 Charles    David
=========  =======
    5         6
=========  =======

After Charles overbids by 5, his total stake is now 10, and Bob needs to bid more than 4 to join the challenge. After
Bob bids 5, the stakes look like so:

=========  =======  ======
 Charles    David    Bob
=========  =======  ======
    10        6       5
=========  =======  ======

If the challenge end at this point, David would earn 6 coins from Charles' stake, and Bob only 4. However, if Charles is

> proven via L1 resolutions to be the correct filler, he will earn 11 coins from the cumulated stakes of David and Bob.

Reviewer: This would probably makes sense to describe it in challenge game
